README.md, before:

# Payrix Mobile Android SDK
Release Note Summary:
- Version 1.0.1: This release includes a fully functional Demo App that includes in-source step-by-step instructions on how to Authenticate, Scan for and Connect a Bluetooth Card Reader, and how to perform a full payment transaction.
- Version 1.0.0: This is the initial release of the Android version of the Payrix Mobile SDK.

## Overview

The SDK includes:
- This README file
- The Payrix Android SDK Developers Guide
- The actual SDK Folder containing the 2 SDK libraries
- The Payrix SDK Demo App

The Payrix Android SDK enables customers to build mobile payment apps for the Android platform.

The SDK consists of 2 Android modules, PayCard and PayCore.

PayCard handles all behaviors and processes required for supporting Bluetooth and Audio card readers.  The SDK currently supports bbPOS reader devices.

PayCore handles all behaviors and processes required to manage the creation of payment transactions and communicating with a Payrix based gateway.


## SDK Support Notes:

The SDK Developer's Guide is part of this repository and should be referenced for information on how to use the Payrix Android SDK.
Any issues should be reported immediately to support@payrix.com.

Commit message:

Feat 852 fix error handler with null field

README.md, after:

# Payrix Mobile Android SDK
Release Note Summary:
- Version 1.0.2: This release includes the fix to the PayCore error handler.  The API may send a null for the field in error.
- Version 1.0.1: This release includes a fully functional Demo App that includes in-source step-by-step instructions on how to Authenticate, Scan for and Connect a Bluetooth Card Reader, and how to perform a full payment transaction.
- Version 1.0.0: This is the initial release of the Android version of the Payrix Mobile SDK.

## Overview

The SDK includes:
- This README file
- The Payrix Android SDK Developers Guide
- The actual SDK Folder containing the 2 SDK libraries
- The Payrix SDK Demo App

The Payrix Android SDK enables customers to build mobile payment apps for the Android platform.

The SDK consists of 2 Android modules, PayCard and PayCore.

PayCard handles all behaviors and processes required for supporting Bluetooth and Audio card readers.  The SDK currently supports bbPOS reader devices.

PayCore handles all behaviors and processes required to manage the creation of payment transactions and communicating with a Payrix based gateway.


## SDK Support Notes:

The SDK Developer's Guide is part of this repository and should be referenced for information on how to use the Payrix Android SDK.
Any issues should be reported immediately to support@payrix.com.
